docs: remove unsupported legacy parameters (#7799)
coder/coder: docs/templates/parameters.md

## Legacy

### Legacy parameters are unsupported now

In Coder, workspaces using legacy parameters can't be deployed anymore. To address this, it is necessary to either remove or adjust incompatible templates.
In some cases, deleting a workspace with a hard dependency on a legacy parameter may be challenging. To cleanup unsupported workspaces, administrators are advised to take the following actions for affected templates:

1. Enable the `feature_use_managed_variables` provider flag.
2. Ensure that every legacy variable block has defined missing default values, or convert it to `coder_parameter`.
3. Push the new template version using UI or CLI.
4. Update unsupported workspaces to the newest template version.
5. Delete the affected workspaces that have been updated to the newest template version.

### Migration

> ⚠️ Migration is available until v0.24.0 (Jun 2023) release.

> Terraform variables shouldn't be used for workspace scoped parameters anymore, and it's recommended to convert variables to `coder_parameter` resources. To make the migration smoother, there is a special property introduced -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform `variable` shouldn't be used for workspace scoped parameters anymore, and it's required to convert `variable` to `coder_parameter` resources. To make the migration smoother, there is a special property introduced -
```

> `legacy_variable` and `legacy_variable_name` , which can link `coder_parameter` with a legacy variable.

Reviewer: Also will `legacy_variable` and `legacy_variable_name` will still be usable in v0.24.0?

Author: In v0.24.0 they might be not really useful, but it should be fine to keep them for a while. We can also mark them as deprecated in the provider schema. Good catch, Atif 👍 I will check this next week.
